articles/mobile-engagement-windows-store-sdk-overview.md, before:

<properties 
	pageTitle="Windows Universal SDK Overview" 
	description="Overview of the Windows Universal SDK for Azure Mobile Engagement" 									
	services="mobile-engagement" 
	documentationCenter="mobile" 
	authors="piyushjo" 
	manager="dwrede" 
	editor="" />

<tags 
	ms.service="mobile-engagement" 
	ms.workload="mobile" 
	ms.tgt_pltfrm="mobile-windows-store" 
	ms.devlang="dotnet" 
	ms.topic="article" 
	ms.date="04/02/2015" 
	ms.author="piyushjo" />

#Windows Universal SDK Overview for Azure Mobile Engagement

Start here to get the details on how to integrate Azure Mobile Engagement in a Windows Universal App. If you'd like to give it a try first, make sure you complete our [15 minutes tutorial](mobile-engagement-windows-store-dotnet-get-started.md).

Click to see the [SDK Content](mobile-engagement-windows-store-sdk-content.md)

##Integration procedures

1. Start here: [How to integrate Mobile Engagement in your Windows Universal app](mobile-engagement-windows-store-integrate-engagement.md)

2. For Notifications: [How to integrate Reach (Notifications) in your Windows Universal app](mobile-engagement-windows-store-integrate-engagement-reach.md)

3. Tag plan implementation: [How to use the advanced Mobile Engagement tagging API in your Windows Universal app](mobile-engagement-windows-store-use-engagement-api.md)

##Release notes

###3.1.0 (05/21/2015)

-   The Mobile Engagement device id is now based on a GUID generated at installation time

For earlier version please see the [complete release notes](mobile-engagement-windows-store-release-notes.md)

##Upgrade procedures

If you already have integrated an older version of Engagement into your application, you have to consider the following points when upgrading the SDK.

You may have to follow several procedures if you missed several versions of the SDK see the complete [Upgrade Procedures](mobile-engagement-windows-store-upgrade-procedure.md). For example if you migrate from 0.10.1 to 0.11.0 you have to first follow the "from 0.9.0 to 0.10.1" procedure then the "from 0.10.1 to 0.11.0" procedure.

###From 2.0.0 to 3.0.0

#### Resources
This step concerns customized resources only. If you have customized the resources provided by the SDK (html, images, overlay) then you have to backup them before upgrading and reapply your customization on upgraded resources.

### Upgrade from older versions

See [Upgrade Procedures](mobile-engagement-windows-store-upgrade-procedure/)

Commit message:

Task #3901291 Universal Doc update from review

articles/mobile-engagement-windows-store-sdk-overview.md, after:

<properties 
	pageTitle="Windows Universal SDK Overview" 
	description="Overview of the Windows Universal SDK for Azure Mobile Engagement" 									
	services="mobile-engagement" 
	documentationCenter="mobile" 
	authors="piyushjo" 
	manager="dwrede" 
	editor="" />

<tags 
	ms.service="mobile-engagement" 
	ms.workload="mobile" 
	ms.tgt_pltfrm="mobile-windows-store" 
	ms.devlang="dotnet" 
	ms.topic="article" 
	ms.date="04/02/2015" 
	ms.author="piyushjo" />

#Windows Universal SDK Overview for Azure Mobile Engagement

Start here to get the details on how to integrate Azure Mobile Engagement in a Windows Universal App. If you'd like to give it a try first, make sure you complete our [15 minutes tutorial](mobile-engagement-windows-store-dotnet-get-started.md).

Click to see the [SDK Content](mobile-engagement-windows-store-sdk-content.md)

##Integration procedures

1. Start here: [How to integrate Mobile Engagement in your Windows Universal app](mobile-engagement-windows-store-integrate-engagement.md)

2. For Notifications: [How to integrate Reach (Notifications) in your Windows Universal app](mobile-engagement-windows-store-integrate-engagement-reach.md)

3. Tag plan implementation: [How to use the advanced Mobile Engagement tagging API in your Windows Universal app](mobile-engagement-windows-store-use-engagement-api.md)

##Release notes

##3.2.0 (07/23/2015)

-   Mobile Engagement reach now run in background to manages push.
-   Some views have been updated for notification and contents.

For earlier version please see the [complete release notes](mobile-engagement-windows-store-release-notes.md)

##Upgrade procedures

If you already have integrated an older version of Engagement into your application, you have to consider the following points when upgrading the SDK.

You may have to follow several procedures if you missed several versions of the SDK see the complete [Upgrade Procedures](mobile-engagement-windows-store-upgrade-procedure.md). For example if you migrate from 0.10.1 to 0.11.0 you have to first follow the "from 0.9.0 to 0.10.1" procedure then the "from 0.10.1 to 0.11.0" procedure.

##From 3.0.0 to 3.2.0

### Reach
In order to use reach you have to add a declaration for Background Tasks in your `Package.appxmanifest` file on `Declarations` in `Available Declarations` select `Background Tasks` and click the `Add` button under `Properties` check `Push notification` and in `Entry point` add  "EngagementBackgroundTasks.RawNotificationBackgroundTask". This will enable the SDK to run in background and to be able to process push when application is closed.

After this step you need to go under `Application` in your manifest and in `Notification` setup `Lock screen notifications` to Badge. This will prompt you a red cross on `Visual Assets`, now you need to add an image for your badge logo with a red.

### Upgrade from older versions

See [Upgrade Procedures](mobile-engagement-windows-store-upgrade-procedure/)
